Update and restructure documentation (#112)
eclipsesource/jsonforms2-website: src/pages/docs/multiple-forms.mdx

import {
  LinkedForms,
  MultipleForms,
} from './components/multiple-forms/FormsExamples';

# Multiple Forms

There are use cases where multiple forms should be embedded into a single page. This section
describes some of these in more detail.

## Interlinked inputs

> Withing the same form, inputs can be interlinked and interact with each other by using `$ref` and setting the `scope`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the same form, inputs can be interlinked and interact with each other just by resolving to the same JSON Schema element.
```

              type: 'Control',
              label: 'Address',
              scope: '#/properties/person/properties/shippingAddress',
            },
          ],
        },
      ],
    },
    {
      type: 'Group',
      label: 'Address',
      elements: [
        {
          type: 'HorizontalLayout',
          elements: [
            {
              type: 'Control',
              scope: '#/properties/person/properties/shippingAddress',
            },
            {
              type: 'Control',
              scope: '#/properties/address/properties/street',
            },
          ],
        },
        {
          type: 'HorizontalLayout',
          elements: [
            {
              type: 'Control',
              scope: '#/properties/address/properties/city',
            },
            {
              type: 'Control',
              scope: '#/properties/address/properties/zipCode',
            },
          ],
        },
      ],
    },
  ],
};

const data = {};

const InterLinkedForms = () => {
  return (
    <JsonForms
      schema={schema}
      uischema={uischema}
      data={data}
      renderers={materialRenderers}
    />
  );
};
```

## Independent forms

> There might be use cases where you have forms that do not have anything in common, so your forms are independent, although they can share the same context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There might be use cases where you have forms that do not have anything in common.
```
